MUSICAL CUES
JAN. 18, 1958 - NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC YOUNG PEOPLE'S CONCERT - 12:00 Noon
Tuning on cue.
Rossini : William Tell - Finale.
a) Adlib
b) Chopin
c) Beethoven
d) Boogie-Woogie
WARNING: a) Piano
b) Sung
c) Oboe
d) Cello MISSING
e) Xylophone
f) Trombone ADDED
WARNING:  Response from audience a) L.B. sings rhythm of William Tell
SEGUE On Cue ... (".. which is like the rhythm of galloping horses")
b) Percussion: Chinese Blocks plays Wm. Tell rhythm.
SEGUE On Cue ... (".. or like the rhythm of drums in a battle")
c) Percussion: Snare Drum plays Wm. Tell rhythm
d) L.B. singing demonstration of Wm. Tell
WARNING: Response from audience
On Cue: e) Trumpet: Wm. Tell - Finale: opening measures.
SEGUE On Cue
f) Concertmaster: Wm. Tell - Finale: String entrance.
g) TUTTI VIOLINS: “  “       “         “     “
Sorcerer's Apprentice SKIPPED
a) Blue Danube
b) Vienna Woods
WARNING: Beginning of story told by L.B.
SEGUE On Cue: (".. charging along thru the alley on his motorcycle")
a) let 6 measures: Strings and Percussion only
b) Meas. 6 - Woodwinds only
c) #22 - for 5 measures
d) #23 - for 6 measures
e) 7 after #23, for l meas. - without trombones
f) 8 after #23, for 3 meas. - with trombones
g) 5 before #24, for 412 measures
h) 12 meas. before #24 - to #25.
Resume Variation II in entirety.
a) Don Quixote
b) Sancho Panza
c) Sheep scene
d) Shepherd's Pipe
Warning: e) Battle of the Sheep
f) Victory of Quixote
Variation II in entirety.
a) Sancho Panza theme - 2 times SKIPPED
Warning: b) Shepherd theme - 2 times SKIPPED
#57 - one measure only
Brief demonstration - on cue.
Don Quixote: #57, Variation VII complete
6 after #76 - Finale (with cut) CUT
Beethoven Symph. No. 6
Beethoven Symph. No. 6, Mvt. I - opening to letter A.
Beethoven 6th - Mvt. II
Beethoven 6th, Mvt. II - opening to I meas. after A.
a) nightingale SKIPPED
b) Quail SKIPPED
c) Cuckoo SKIPPED
Beethoven 6th, Mvt. II - 11 measures before the end. SKIPPED
a) #3 - Tuileries - COMPLETE
SEGUE On Cue: b) #5 - Unhatched Chicks - COMPLETE
SEGUE On Cue: c) #10 - Great Gate - Begin at #115
Tchaikowsky 4th
Mvt. I - letter 0 to 5 after P. SLOW SEGUE On Cue
Tchaikowsky 5th: a) Mvt. I - opening
SLOW SEGUE On Cue: b) Mvt. IV - Letter Aa to Presto
Webern - 2nd Piece.
a) Relation of Various Pitches.
b) Dragnet Theme
Ravel: La Valse - with cut from 1 meas. before 46 to 76.